Questions for clarification:

Note that we are responsible for writing only the "ChocAn data processing software". 

1. "Invalid number" and "Member suspended" are mentioned as possible reasons for a member to not be validated. Are there any other reasons why a member wouldn't be validated?
Just those.
** ACM updates ChocAN membership stuff for us; we don't have to deal with that.
2. Will any of the services be provided in the evening? (i.e., is there any possibility a user will become invalid during their treatment?)
   2A. If so, the member would be validated, but then we wouldn't allow them to be processed later. Is that the desired outcome?
Don't worry about it
3. What are the non-functional requirements for how long it can take to validate a member (how long can validation take)? 
It wil be essentially instant
4. How many ChocAn members must our software work for?
5. Who is responsible for totalling the fees paid to a provider each week?
We are, in our reports
6. At any time both provider and member "records can be updated". Does this refer to personal info (like ZIP code) or specific transactions that have been logged?
Personal info.
7. Do we need to make transactions editable after the fact? Or is a logged transaction permanent?
Logged transactions are permanent.
8. If a member's account is invalidated during the week, what should be done with the services they have already received? Are they to be included in reports of payments to be made?
They're still part of the report. This loophole, just ignore.
9. Are the weekly reports sent at "midnight on Friday" to be sent at midnight at the end of the day Thursday/start of Friday or at the end of Friday/start of Saturday?
Don't worry about it.
10. How quickly must weekly reports be sent out? Are there any other non-functional requirements?
11. How quickly must membership pages be updated based on data received from ACME? Are there any other non-functional requirements?
We're not updating them.
12. Who are the operators who add/delete people and providers from our system?
Just "operators" is fine.